Interactive Display of Olympic Data
This group project involved analyzing multiple datasets and displaying
our findings to users. I worked with three others to build an app-like 
interface that allowed users to input arguments such as host / 
participating countries and a year range and the findings from our 
calculating would be shown to them. Most findings were displayed in 
the form of bar / line graphs. The calculations we did focused on
taking the averages between certain data from the datasets. For 
example, 'Annual Medals' meant taking the average of the number of medals 
received by a country each time it participated in the Olympics. From a 
more technical perspective, the way our project functioned was by creating
graph nodes for each country and year in the datasets. The vertices 
connecting nodes included that country's medals in that year. The
interface used PyGame while results of our calculations were displayed
through the matplotlib library.

Interactive Display of Olympic Data Challenges
Time and effort required to complete
Combining our work caused bugs
One team member was unwell, so the rest of us completed her work

Interactive Display of Olympic Data Takeaways
Large projects need communication among team members
To stay on schedule, make clear deadlines

Business Website
This was my first introduction to web development. I build a website for 
an independent contractor to showcase his work. While my knowledge of HTML,
CSS and JS was very little, I was able to make an image gallery for his work.
A Jotform was embedded to the website, but then was taken down since it did was
not important for the contractor.

Business Website Challenges
No previous knowledge of web dev
Dealing with the sheer amount of images required cause logistical issues

Business Website Takeaways
Basics of HTML, CSS, and JS
Basics of web dev
Hosting a website

Dungeon Crawl Game
This was one of my projects for CSC111. My professor provided the basic idea
behind a text-based game, and my partner and I made it. This project was 
created entirely in Python and users were able to play it through the IDE's
console. The player could move around the 'world', pick up objects to add
in their inventory, and solve a puzzle! A limited number of moves was given
to the player, and they had to act strategically in order to win! While this
does not seem as significant as my other projects, it showed me how to work
in a team to build a CS project, something I did not have the opportunity to
do before.

Dungeon Crawl Game Challenges
Learning how to work efficiently and productively in a team
Learning how to use text files in programming

Dungeon Crawl Game Takeaways
Making a project is not hard, but it takes time, patience, and commitment!

Pong
This is a recreation of the original Pong arcade game. It served as my first
introduction to lua. To make the game more interesting, I added the option
for a player to play against AI. This project was created through CS50's 
tutorials:

Pong Challenges
New Language

Pong Takeaways
Learnt how to use text fonts
Learnt how to use audio, specifically .wav files
While lua is similar to other languages like Java and Python, it does have some subtle differences
Using Love2D makes game development so much simpler, as it runs the game for you; you just have to create the functions it calls
